okay we're in clockworkmod recovery here
see the clockworkmod and first thing
that you always always want to do is you
want to back up your current romp always
always always make a backup as you can
see we hit the backup and then we just
scroll up to the backup and either press
your power button or your home key
depending on you know how the
clockworkmod button control is on your
phone so as you can see clockworkmod
recovery it's getting ready to make its
backup and then it's going to backup the
system and then after it does that we're
going to go ahead and flash the new rom
and i'll show you what to do with that
I'll come back when this back of it
okay the backup is complete now the next
thing that we want to do is we want to
wipe data/factory reset' and what this
is going to do is is just going to wipe
out kind of wipe the slate clean if you
will so we're going to scroll down to
delete all user data but not to fear we
made that backup so we have our current
rom backed up okay after we do the data
factory reset we're going to scroll down
to wipe cache partition we're going to
go ahead and select yes wipe the cache
okay after the cache wipe is complete
we're going to scroll down to advanced
and we have to wipe the dalvik cache
that's the second one down from the top
you have to wipe these three things
whenever you're installing a new rom
you've got to do the data factory reset
the wipe cache and then the wipe dalvik
cache okay that just took a second now
we're gonna go back I have to hit my
power button to go back you might be
able to use the dock bar back arrow or
however your clockworkmod is set up
according to your device now we're going
to install the zip
SD card okay I have my roms already on
my SD card that's what you'll do before
you you know even get to this point you
want to make sure you have your zip file
choose zip from SD card as you can see
it's the top okay so we're going to
choose a zip from sd card I have mine in
my a sop folder this role in my roms are
my Android Open Source Project roms my
Google my vanilla Google roms now I'm
going to check out this liquid liquid
ROM it's the fourth one down so I'm
going to go ahead and highlight that and
then I'm going to select yes install and
that is a zip file
maybe installation is starting it
usually just takes a quick minute when
you're installing an a sop ROM there
very streamlined smaller files than say
a stock rom okay then after I install my
SOP I want to choose it from sdcard
again because the a SOP I'm going to go
back into my SOP folder the a sop roms
do not come with the Google Apps you
know like the Play Store or anything
like that so if I want to have the Play
Store on here I have another zip on here
GX I'm gonna select the one down here
for jellybean alright so you have your G
apps zip file and you're gonna have your
your ROM zip file somewhere on your SD
card in a folder just hanging out loose
just know where to find them so we're
gonna go ahead and install this G apps
okay install from sdcard complete I'm
going to you go back and select it's
already highlighted reboot from system
now and we're going to boot up into our
new rom now after the rom boots up let
it sit for about 2 minutes then reboot
it and then go ahead and you know do the
installation from there you don't always
have to do this it's a common practice
you know to kind of let the the kernel
set settle in and let the scripts right
is something I like to do but it's
totally up to you so we're going to go
ahead and let this and the first boot up
will take will take a minute or two
while the scripts are writing and what
ROM is installing so don't don't don't
be afraid